Source:
Saverio De Vito (saverio.devito '@' enea.it), ENEA - National Agency
for New Technologies, Energy and Sustainable Economic Development

Vito, Saverio. (2016). Air Quality. UCI Machine Learning Repository.

https://archive-beta.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/air+quality

Data Set Information:
The dataset contains 9358 instances of hourly averaged responses from
an array of 5 metal oxide chemical sensors embedded in an Air Quality
Chemical Multisensor Device. The device was located on the field in a
significantly polluted area, at road level,within an Italian
city. Data were recorded from March 2004 to February 2005 (one
year)representing the longest freely available recordings of on field
deployed air quality chemical sensor devices responses. Ground Truth
hourly averaged concentrations for CO, Non Metanic Hydrocarbons,
Benzene, Total Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) and Nitrogen Dioxide (NO2) and
were provided by a co-located reference certified analyzer. Evidences
of cross-sensitivities as well as both concept and sensor drifts are
present as described in De Vito et al., Sens. And Act. B,
Vol. 129,2,2008 (citation required) eventually affecting sensors
concentration estimation capabilities. Missing values are tagged with
-200 value.  This dataset can be used exclusively for research
purposes. Commercial purposes are fully excluded.

Field separator ";"
Decimal separator ","

Date		string	(DD/MM/YYYY)
Time	  	string	(HH.MM.SS)
CO(GT)	  	float	True hourly averaged concentration CO in mg/m^3 (reference analyzer)
PT08.S1(CO)	float	PT08.S1 (tin oxide) hourly averaged sensor response (nominally CO targeted)
NMHC(GT)	float	True hourly averaged overall Non Metanic HydroCarbons concentration in microg/m^3 (reference analyzer)
C6H6(GT)	float	True hourly averaged Benzene concentration in microg/m^3 (reference analyzer)
PT08.S2(NMHC)	float	PT08.S2 (titania) hourly averaged sensor response (nominally NMHC targeted)
NOx(GT)		float	True hourly averaged NOx concentration in ppb (reference analyzer)
PT08.S3(NOx)	float	PT08.S3 (tungsten oxide) hourly averaged sensor response (nominally NOx targeted)
NO2(GT)		float	True hourly averaged NO2 concentration in microg/m^3 (reference analyzer)
PT08.S4(NO2)	float	PT08.S4 (tungsten oxide) hourly averaged sensor response (nominally NO2 targeted)
PT08.S5(O3)	float	PT08.S5 (indium oxide) hourly averaged sensor response (nominally O3 targeted)
T		float	Temperature in °C
RH		float	Relative Humidity (%)
AH		float	Absolute Humidity

