Source:
Gustavo Scalabrini Sampaio
gustavo.sampaio '@' mackenzista.com.br
Postgraduate Program in Electrical Engineering and Computing, Mackenzie Presbyterian University, São Paulo, Brazil.

Arnaldo Rabello de Aguiar Vallim Filho
arnaldo.aguiar '@' mackenzie.br
Computer Science Dept., Mackenzie Presbyterian University, São Paulo, Brazil.

Leilton Santos da Silva
leilton '@' emae.com.br
EMAE—Metropolitan Company of Water & Energy, São Paulo, Brazil.

Leandro Augusto da Silva
leandroaugusto.silva '@' mackenzie.br
Postgraduate Program in Electrical Engineering and Computing, Mackenzie Presbyterian University, São Paulo, Brazil.


Donator:

Gustavo Scalabrini Sampaio

https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Accelerometer

Data Set Information:

This dataset was generated for use on 'Prediction of Motor Failure
Time Using An Artificial Neural Network' project (DOI:
10.3390/s19194342). A cooler fan with weights on its blades was used
to generate vibrations. To this fan cooler was attached an
accelerometer to collect the vibration data. With this data, motor
failure time predictions were made, using an artificial neural
networks. To generate three distinct vibration scenarios, the weights
were distributed in three different ways: 1) 'red' - normal
configuration: two weight pieces positioned on neighboring blades; 2)
'blue' - perpendicular configuration: two weight pieces positioned on
blades forming a 90° angle; 3) 'green' - opposite configuration: two
weight pieces positioned on opposite blades. A schematic diagram can
be seen in figure 3 of the paper.

Devices used: Akasa AK-FN059 12cm Viper cooling fan (Generate the
vibrations) MMA8452Q accelerometer (Measure vibration)

Data collection method: 17 rotation speeds were set up, ranging from
20% to 100% of the cooler maximum speed at 5% intervals; for the three
weight distribution configurations in the cooler blades. Note that the
Akasa AK-FN059 cooler has 1900 rpm of max rotation speed.

The vibration measurements were collected at a frequency of 20 ms for
1 min for each percentage, generating 3000 records per speed. Thus, in
total, 153,000 vibration records were collected from the simulation
model.

Field separator ","
Decimal separator "."

wconfid	int	  Weight Configuration ID (1 - 'red' - normal; 2 - 'blue' - perpendicular; 3 - 'green' - opposite)
pctid	int	  Cooler Fan RPM Speed Percentage ID (20 means 20%, and so on).
x	float	  Accelerometer x value. g
y	float	  Accelerometer y value. g
z	float	  Accelerometer z value. g

